[Music]
[Applause]
once upon a time in a faraway Kingdom
lived a handsome prince
[Music]
he was attended by devoted servants do
you think perhaps just once I might use
the bathroom by myself most music sir
and engage by Royal Decree why why can't
I find my own wife we've gone to a great
deal of trouble to select for you a very
high what a woman is going to arouse my
intellect as well as my loins where will
you find such a woman in America so he
travelled across the sea to the land of
opportunity
which is where the fairy tale ends and
our story begins I feel like a
completely not this will be our first
job in United States hi I'm Mikey
nice to meet you a team I have recently
been placed in charge of garbage that's
good to know
Eddie Murphy just the man I met in the
restroom our city oh ho in a comedy
fable of royal romance
apparently these are the best women
Queens has to all ha
take quantum it's going I want to tear
you apart
and your friend too coming to America I
was wondering did you happen to catch
the professional football contest on
television last night no I didn't oh it
was most exhilarating the Giants of New
York took on the Packers of Green Bay
and in the end the Giants triumph by
kicking an oblong ball made of pig skin
to a big age it was the most ripping
victory so you want to keep working here
stay off the drugs
[Music]